Release 1.17.3 (#257)
cdr/docs: changelog/1.17.3.md

---
title: "1.17.3"

> description: "Released on 04/08/21"

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Released on 04/09/21"
```

---

### Breaking Changes ❗

There are no breaking changes in 1.17.3.

### Features ✨

There are no new features in 1.17.3.

### Bug Fixes 🐛

- infra: Fixed **Application** icons appearing broken and the **workspace
  provider ping indicator** remaining in an error state. The underlying cause
  was a malformed _envproxy_access_url_ on `built-in` workspace providers.

> ### Security Updates 🔐

Author: ```suggestion
### Security updates 🔐
```

---
title: "1.17.3"
description: "Released on 04/08/21"
---

> ### Breaking Changes ❗

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Breaking changes ❗
```

Author: We'll need to fix this in the template as well

There are no breaking changes in 1.17.3.

### Features ✨

There are no new features in 1.17.3.

> ### Bug Fixes 🐛

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Bug fixes 🐛
```

- infra: Fixes an issue whereby workspace application icons appear broken and

>   the workspace provider ping indicator always displays as an error. The

Reviewer: > Fixed issue where icons in the **Applications** section of the **Environment Overview** page appear broken and the workspace provider **ping indicator** always...

Also, are we officially using workspace now (e.g., workspace application icons)?

Author: Ah - not until 1.18...good catch :p

  underlying cause was a malformed _envproxy_access_url_ on `built-in` workspace

>   providers

Author: @khorne3 

Since the workspace provider ping indicator is somewhat of a UI element, I'm wondering if it warrants bold fontface

![Screenshot from 2021-04-08 12-53-33](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11184711/114073980-80832b00-9869-11eb-8153-bfd66f0fb5e2.png)

I imagine we can also reference the **Applications** UI element

![Screenshot from 2021-04-08 12-54-15](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11184711/114074040-9133a100-9869-11eb-97eb-e58f3bed79d3.png)

Reviewer: Yeah, I would put "ping indicator" in bold for emphasis

---
title: "1.17.3"
description: "Released on 04/09/21"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

> - infra: Removed `tolerations` from workspace as code templates.

Author: ```suggestion
- infra: Removed `tolerations` from workspaces as code templates.
```

### Features ✨

- web: Added a toggle to enable/disable workspaces as code on the **Manage >
  Admin > Templates** page. Disabling workspaces as code has the following
  impact:
  - New workspaces cannot be created from a template
  - Existing workspaces built from a template will continue to operate

> - infra: Added support for NVIDIA GPUs in environments created as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- infra: Added beta support for NVIDIA GPUs in environments created as
```

Let's call this beta for now.

>   container-based virtual machines (CVMs)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  container-based virtual machines (CVMs).
```

> - web: Environments can now be created with multiple GPUs (up to 20).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- web: Environments can now be created with multiple GPUs (maximum number of GPUs: 20).
```

Reviewer 2: Perhaps:
```suggestion
- web: Environments can now be created with up to 20 GPUs.
```

### Bug fixes 🐛

- web: Fixed **Application** icons appearing broken and the **workspace provider
  ping indicator** remaining in an error state. The underlying cause was a
  malformed _envproxy_access_url_ on `built-in` workspace providers.

> - web: Fixed an issue causing workspace providers to erroneously appear in an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- web: Fixed an issue causing workspace providers to incorrectly appear in an
```

---
title: "1.17.3"
description: "Released on 04/09/21"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

- infra: Removed `tolerations` from workspaces as code templates.

### Features ✨

- web: Added a toggle to enable/disable workspaces as code on the **Manage >
  Admin > Templates** page. Disabling workspaces as code has the following
  impact:
  - New workspaces cannot be created from a template
  - Existing workspaces built from a template will continue to operate and may
    be rebuilt. These workspaces will still be notified of changes to remote
    templates.
- infra: Added beta support for NVIDIA GPUs in environments created as
  container-based virtual machines (CVMs).
- web: Environments can now be created with multiple GPUs (maximum number of

>   GPUs: 20).

Author: @khorne3 curious if this should be _20_ (referring to https://github.com/cdr/styleguide/blob/master/text-formatting.md#italics), or if this remains without any text emphasis.

Reviewer: Oh, I should be more clear in the styleguide -- the italics is for stuff like *x*, so 20 is fine as-is
